and then people about the neighborhood with one more
tutorial and a history will be of
seems to be frize and is difficult but
I'll give you a touch there.
It is easy just easy training mode
that I'll spend the video here
in a matter of a week you're already going
learn to make this gay movement
there the first step puts the two
knees and 112 elbow do not know in which
position is if you were once that boy
damn
I think you already do it there when
It was a child so stay in that position.
on here
this will help you to find out which
The side you're going to do
You will already have your one little resistance
arm was not looking, so do this
movement that will make it easier for you
learn to make a hand
observe the knee and stand above the
elbow do not blame him see a look
In this video, there you go.
notion more or less how to fit
embedded as you'll get more or
least of our how to fit the knee
and on the elbow
now in this video
the second step if you have done the
same process as the previous video you
You will realize places that will make you
if you do it right put your hand
left forward we do with
left puts is a front right
this will serve for you to create
arm resistance
The arm did not look like me.
like this video here
if you are doing the second step
and it already has a way for you to have a
notion more or less still feel the weight
of this phrase as if it were only by hand
he has to train his balance so
place the hand on the front puts the
here is how I look at the video that
you will understand
because this movement and particularly I
I think it's essential you have the notion of
balance felt the weight now only stays
the base as if it were the second
mentally taking the video that way
here o
the guys and I will give a touch that house
are now learning and freising
It's good to train and wear jeans because
will not be slipping too much in the
elbow
but the proof of life you train
too much or picking up your jeans is
get active with burns nearby
hallak no ac at your elbow but it is
normal is already in the life of me remembered
They deceived pay attention in the afternoon
legs because I 'm going to leave a video there
way just right and the wrong way then
I'm gonna explain
if you climb very worth it in the store
you will fall on the head will download
so you better do with the
downloaded is a look at the video that you
You will understand the beauty better.
is
it is now you will realize even if the
picture is a little
I'm getting this sleepy face.
but because you know where I live if
do not watch video have a look at
videos below enrollment when
Record here at home now, there's a lot
sweaty here on the street where I live no
agreed to let me record this time
which is nothing less than you
Come 13 and 21 13 21 in the morning is a
time that I think there is no hiccup
so this is it people there is irb
if you do the way I do for you
I assure you that the question of a
week you train every day you go
learn to make this move then it is
that's right
I hope you liked it and I hope
that I have helped you
and you already know click I liked it if
I like it if you do not like it click I did not like it
that going out will help a lot will strengthen
the channel and you are the first time
I'm watching videos, I'm writing.
See the other videos
this is it there we are